Your latest video with Paul was amazing, JJ.
That's a very nice compliment.
Thank you very much.
Can you hear me better now or not?
Yes, much better.
It was really like it nailed down two things for me, but I finally really understand the infectious clone idea.
And I think it's very, very likely what happened.
I think, but you can tell if someone's lying, you know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied, I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't wanna lie.
I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar, I don't wanna be a liar.
I think it's really important not to be a liar.
How do you think they live with themselves at this point when they just lie again and again and we have the internet to expose the lies?
If this isn't 20 years ago when you were on CNN and we couldn't expose things, we can expose it now and they still do it.
Well, it's, I guess I would ask myself, like, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I just don't, you know, I don't like lying.
I certainly do it, you know, out of weakness or whatever.
How do you think they live with themselves at this point when they just lie again and again and we have the internet to expose the lies?
If this isn't 20 years ago when you were on CNN and we couldn't expose things, we can expose it now and they still do it.
Well, it's, I guess I would ask myself, like, I mean, I lie.
If I'm really cornered or something, I lie.
I really try not to.
I try never to lie on TV.
I just don't, you know, I don't like lying.
I certainly do it, you know, out of weakness or whatever.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
A condition that we will not call autism.
I don't like the word autism.
He was vaccine damaged.
I'm not sure exactly who he is.
His name is J.J.
Cooey, and I believe he's a consultant for CHD, and I believe he has a PhD in some sort of scientific discipline, from what I understand.
In condition that we will not call autism, I don't like the word autism, he was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged.
I'm delighted that there's so much laughter in the audience tonight.
But just let me say this.
They're laughing at you.
They're not laughing with you.
That interview at the time, it changed everything for you, didn't it?
Well, it changed everything in the sense of I couldn't walk down any street in Britain without being laughed at by most of the people.
You're still obviously bitter about people's rejection of your ideas.
No, absolutely not.
What I am is frustrated at watching Orwell's 1984 unfold in front of our eyes by the day.
That is frustrating because my children and your children... Thank you.
I'm going to have to live in the timescale when the most basics of freedoms are being taken away.
This is happening all over the world and it's coordinated.
I mean, does anyone really think that George W. Bush is running America?
He probably couldn't tie his shoelaces, never mind run a country.
Tell me about the Project for the New American Century.
Tell me about it.
I know nothing about it.
Exactly.
Well, let me tell you then.
In the 1990s, an organization was created in America called the Project for the New American Century, calling for a series of conquests of countries, one of which was Iraq.
No, but honestly... You say to me... America is an open society, isn't it?
Oh, please!
It's not an open society.
Well, I thought in my innocence that most Americans would know what was going on in America.
But you know it all, and you see how preposterous it is.
What, the fact that you think America's an open society?
Absolutely ludicrous, Terry.
I've never heard anything so stupid in your life.
Thank you, ladies and gentlemen.
David Icke, thank you.
Good luck with your research.
Pleasure.
you you
you
so so
and an
There are no ethics.
There are no ethical boundaries to what they will do.
It is all about the utilitarian means justify the ends.
It doesn't matter much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important ones.
Until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone.
It's measles plus.
I can tolerate what you think about measles because not that many people die from it.
It's just a big hassle in the end.
But no, when we have this new pandemic that has got 75% mortality
There'll be no pretense of being polite in the face of these beliefs.
It'll be a moral emergency, because it has to be.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
It's like Jay said, the RNA can't pandemic.
It can't.
And there's no reason to discuss this anymore, because it's clear.
And if it's clear, we shouldn't waste time talking about it.
Actually, J.J.
Covey was insistent, and I think he's right, on calling them transfections rather than vaccines.
I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
Let me introduce Jonathan, who's going to talk about his latest distillation of what the pandemic means to society, to biology, to science, and to democracy, and a whole kind of idea of empiricism and integrity.
And then each of us, this incredible preeminent panel that we have, each one of you is going to get a chance to comment on his thesis.
I wanted to bring everybody together because I've read Jonathan's thoughts about this.
He's one of the most thoughtful critics of the pandemic management from the beginning.
He was one of the co-founders of DRASTIC, which was the organization of independent scientists all over the world.
Particularly at the beginning of the pandemic, did really wonderful work in understanding the science, in unearthing scientific studies that made a lot of this stuff comprehensible.
And he's also been instrumental in uncovering some of the involvement of the intelligence agencies and others in the management of the pandemic and also the long history of what we call gain-of-function science.
Gonna take a freight train Down at the station, Lord I don't care where it goes Gonna climb a mountain The highest mountain Jump off, nobody gonna know Can't you see?
Oh, can't you see?
Can't you see, can't you see What that woman's been doing to me I'm gonna find me a hole in the wall I'm gonna crawl inside and die Call me later now, a mean old woman
Never told me goodbye Can't you see?
Oh, can't you see?
What that woman's done She's been doing to me Can't you see?
Can't you see?
What that woman's done She's been doing to me
Gonna buy a ticket now As far as I can Ain't never coming back Ride me southbound All the way to Georgia now To the train and run out of track Can't you see?
Oh, can't you see?
Can't you see?
What that woman, she been doing?
Oh, can't you see?
What that woman, Lord, she been doin' to me?
Can't you see?
Oh, can't you see?
What that woman, Lord, she been doin' to me?
Can't you see?
Well, that woman, she been doin' to me Can't you see?
Lord, I can't stand to see But that woman, she been doin' to me Can't you see?
I'm gonna check the freight train Can't you see?
Down at the station, Lord But that woman
All the way to Georgia
Hey.
I can't seem to get it quite right.
Maybe it's because I'm not really practicing.
Sorry, I've been off the air so long.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a live broadcast coming to you live from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in the back of my garage.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
This is called Giga Ohm Biological.
It is a high resistance, low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I used to be an academic biologist, a recovering hecatomagician, if you will.
I know a lot about how the the sausage is made and
Looks like the backlights are still on.
You know, I have some rudimentary skills as a photographer and so sometimes I can see right away what's going on there.
Sorry about that.
Ladies and gentlemen, scrolling to that side of the screen are those people that are subscribed to GigaOMBiological.com in some way or another.
I've added some other names on there if you've given before and you aren't on there and want to be please just let me know that's not a list that is exclusively composed of people that subscribe but for sure everybody that subscribes has a name there as of
Couple days ago.
And again, if you're not there and you want to be please just send me or V an email It's not that big of a deal.
It's more of a question of how it's maintained.
This is a one-man show In the sense of I am a father with a partner the mother of my children and we have a family of five and basically, I am able to do this because of them and
and because of my supporters.
I don't have a producer, an editor, a scripter, a reader, a recommender.
I've got viewers, I've got supporters, and then I've got this stuff.
A lot of it's out of a garbage can or off of Craigslist.
Occasionally I buy something new, but basically you're looking at a one-man show, a one-man band, a one family
information brief, and I think that's really important because in today's world of social media and modern media, there exists almost no one like that, even though everybody kind of pretends to be.
Even Joe Rogan is supposedly just some musclehead who's so good at having conversations with people that Spotify
saw a business opportunity to the tune of hundreds of millions of dollars.
And that, quite frankly, ladies and gentlemen, is just absurd.
It's absolutely absurd.
What we are dealing with here is an elaborate theater.
There could be different parts of the theater that are funded in different ways.
I don't have a control map of this grid.
All I know for sure is that if you stay focused on the biology,
don't take the bait on social media, that it becomes really obvious that so many people are being given a script.
That's why they don't have any questions that differ from anybody else and why there's so much consensus across the board.
No matter how far you look, how far you go,
I want to start with a few things, but this is just a mishmash of stuff I don't even remember how many things I have queued up I don't I don't expect to be able to get through everything.
I will letting you know.
It's 1221 Eastern Standard Time I'm probably gonna drop off the air around 2 p.m.
And so irrespective of where I am in that sequence I'm probably just gonna stop and start again tomorrow or later this afternoon and
It's been very hard for me to get online, not because I couldn't find rock and roll to play, but because I'm referring to the computer with the music over there.
It is more because it is very important at this stage to say something.
meaningful and it's the right now show is such a show because that's really where social media tries to get you all the time and so if I click the button I want to have a good idea of how I want to counter the right now show which is social media I want to be able to throw a very succinct
lifeline down into the cave and that's really what hit me today on the dog walk um is is social media is plato's cave and the people that are holding the puppets up in the shadows those those are the actual people on social media there aren't shadows on the wall joe rogan is the shadow on the wall robert f kennedy jr is the shadow on the wall
Donald Trump is the shadow on the wall.
Kamala Harris was the shadow on the wall.
They all understand that they are shadows on the wall.
And they all accept that they get to see certain things about what's behind the curtain.
They get to know certain, you know, privileged information about how the sausage is made.
But for the most part, they agree to be part of the shadows on the wall, Plato's cave.
That's how we are being governed right now.
And podcasts are that.
Podcasts really are the cave.
and the conversations that happen within podcasts, that's the cave.
And so if you wanna get out, you just gotta get out like that.
And if that means that we have to establish our own independent internet with independent websites that are just, you know, word of mouth, stream.gigaohm.bio and PeerTube, send people there, gigaohmbiological.com, send people there and let them figure it out.
I think it's time to leave X. I don't have anything else other than my website, so X is really it.
And in reality, I don't even think I'm visible on X anymore, and I'm probably just wasting my time being there.
but it gives me some sense that this is still going on, that the show is still going on.
And that's what's so important to see.
The Right Now Show and all of its little satellite shows and all of the little hamster wheels that everybody is in.
If you need hundreds of millions of people to be consumed, to lose all the time, because social media is not free.
You pay for it with your time.
Social media is not free you pay for it with your time And so if you're gonna do something profound with your life You only have a certain amount of free time to invest in what that is And I think my family We are pretty sure that this is the one of the profound things that we want to give back to our community and to the world if we can Using the internet against them as much as that's possible by trying to
shed light succinctly on what's happening.
The podcast universe is Plato's cave.
And more importantly, it allows people to be put in all different little tiny caves that are all isolated from one another and move from different caves and really think that moving from cave to cave is solving some question or exploring the answers to some question.
And so as long as you listen to Joe Rogan and
a few other podcasts, you might be a pretty centrist, normal person keeping up with reality.
And that's exactly the opposite of what's happening.
And so I'm just going to try and show you what this is about.
Trying to throw a lifeline down into the cave.
That's the thing.
Thanks for being here.
The End
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
That's very kind.
And I welcome you.
Welcome to those who are still with us.
After Monday night football, we had Monday night football tonight.
We had Georgia, Chicago versus Washington, or as Trump would call it, the hellhole bowl tonight.
What a day for Donald Trump.
You know what?
He finally did something positive today, and I want to give him credit for it, because I know he's not the type to take credit for himself.
Trump was in Israel and Egypt today to celebrate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas.
Sorry about that.
That was a mistake.
I was trying to figure out why that one text box is sitting on top, because it shouldn't have been.
Sorry about that.
Let me just fix that quick.
Where is it?
It should be right here, right?
What?
Why is that there?
I don't see that one.
So let me just, sorry about that.
That was not choreographed correctly and it's distracting from the video.
That's the one I want.
So I click control there and then I send that to the back or what?
There.
So it should have gone to a transition like that.
Anyway, here we go.
Sorry.
I appreciate that.
That's very kind.
And I welcome you.
Welcome to those who are still with us.
After Monday night football, we had Monday night football tonight.
We had Georgia, Chicago versus Washington, or as Trump would call it, the hellhole bowl tonight.
What a day for Donald Trump.
You know what?
He finally did something positive today.
And I want to give him credit for it, because I know he's not the type to take credit for himself.
Trump was in Israel and Egypt today to celebrate a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas.
All 20 Israeli hostages are home.
So many magnificent clips could be taken from that, from the round of applause from the Knesset or the Senate of Israel or whatever that is to him.
Apparently calling out Miriam Adelson about whether her loyalty lies with Israel or with America in Israel That was a weird one.
There's all kinds of weird clips of Jared Kushner also taking a lot of credit and being given a lot of credit.
So there's a magnificent level
of material here to be disseminated on different sides and so that everybody in all these different caves sees a different collection of nonsense that they can then all try to, I don't know, come to an illusion of consensus about what the right answer is.
And I guess Donald Trump is some kind of genius and knows the Middle East better than anybody else, better than Biden at least.
And so this is the kind of extraordinary mythology that now apparently he's going to agree on.
that the same guy who is incompetently destroying our democracy is now very competently putting together a deal that involves thousands of hostages and thousands of years of animosity and blood feuds and things like that.
And he's just figured it out after bombing Iran and doing something.
I don't know really what this guy thinks.
I just know that this guy is a scripted actor and that's why whatever he purports to think is so ridiculous.
That's about the best way I could say it.
138 days, almost 2,000 Palestinian prisoners and detainees have been released.
And while we're only in the first phase of what will undoubtedly be a long and tricky process, the fact is the bombing has stopped, the hostages have been released, and Trump deserves some of the praise for that.
And so I know it sounds crazy to say, but good work on that one, President Trump.
Now maybe you can not invade Portland.
Just an idea.
I mean, while you're on a roll, Trump was in a celebratory mood today, posing for victory photos.
A man of the moment.
And you know, when he isn't double fisting McFlurries, he doesn't know what to do with his hands.
Kind of does part of YMCA.
I don't know where Zumba.
I'm not sure what that is, but maybe he's trying to fly.
But Trump took part in a signing ceremony, becoming the first US president to sign a ceasefire agreement with a Sharpie the size of a Subway sandwich.
A lot of people were surprised that Trump was able to help get this ceasefire finally done.
But I guess we probably shouldn't have been.
This is a man who knows the Middle East better than anyone.
Here he is talking about the close proximity between Iran and Qatar.
Literally, you walk over from Iran to Qatar.
You can walk in in one second.
You go, boom, boom, and now you're in Qatar.
God, I didn't know you go boom, boom when you're in Qatar.
And then we looked it up, and it turns out the reason I didn't know it is because it's wrong.
It's very, very wrong.
You cannot walk from Iran to Qatar.
You could swim 150 miles.
But unless you're Jesus, you cannot walk there.
Trump's been lobbying hard to try to win the Nobel Prize for Peace.
He really wants that Peace Prize.
So he's been talking pretty much nonstop about this for the past two weeks.
And so it was with bigly disappointment that on Friday, the Nobel Committee made the following announcement.
The Norwegian Nobel Committee has decided to award the Nobel Peace Prize for 2025
to Maria Corina Machado.
Nonsense.
Bullshit.
It's all bullshit.
Come on, nobody likes a sore loser.
I mentioned last week the Norwegian government.
They have one, by the way, the Norwegian government.
They was worried about Trump retaliating against them if he didn't win the Nobel Peace Prize.
And the woman who did win, Maria Karina Machado, was maybe a little nervous about it, too, because she felt the need to call him about it.
The person who actually got the Nobel Prize called today, called me.
and said, I'm accepting this in honor of you, because you really deserved it.
A very nice thing to do.
Yeah, yeah.
That was a nice thing for the person who got the Nobel Prize to do today.
I don't know why they gave this to me.
It should have gone to you, Mr. President.
So now Trump's focused on winning the prize next year, which is fine.
Let him keep trying to make peace.
Give it.
I'm fine with coming up with prizes and trophies to motivate him.
Give him the Nobel Reopen the Government and Leave Health Care Alone Prize.
I have no problem with that.
Speaking of health care, Trump got a physical on Friday.
And good news, his blood pressure, cholesterol, and genius are all stable.
His doctors say he's in excellent health and fully capable of continuing to make sure that millions of his fellow Americans aren't.
Interestingly, the White House doctor left Trump's weight off the report.
Usually, they put the weight.
Instead of his weight, he wrote that Trump has a great personality, which is nice.
It's also interesting to note that Trump got both the flu and COVID vaccines at his checkup.
After all this, he got the flu vaccine, he got the COVID vaccine, he ate a whole bottle of Tylenol, and he washed it down with a gallon of red dye number two while RFK was screaming and crying and pounding on the door outside.
And if you're wondering if it's hypocritical for Trump, who has denigrated these vaccines, to get them while his health officials make them difficult for the rest of us to get, the answer is
See how confusing it is, right?
Again, did Trump denigrate the vaccines or is his HHS secretary sometimes doing it in old videos or on certain podcasts but not in front of certain microphones or at certain times?
And we're supposed to believe that what we see on our social media is an adequate representation of the reality of America and it's not.
The truth is not getting out.
The vast majority of Americans think that Donald Trump and his administration and specifically Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are a unmitigated disaster.
But that also doesn't make any sense.
That suggests that the largest national apparatus of security and military and money and power is
so vulnerable through its election system that somebody as ridiculous as Donald Trump can run for office and win.
And there's nothing that any pity could do about it.
That's the absurdity of this, that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was able to sell bad ideas so successfully
that he has a beautiful house, gets a half a million dollars a year, has this extremely successful multi-movie production company, and book company, and publishing company, and also non-profit, and he's a lawyer, and he does it all by telling lies.
And we're supposed to believe that.
that America is just so dumb or vulnerable or something out of control that somebody as, I don't know, I guess, silly, obviously unremarkable as Donald Trump or obviously unremarkable as Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can be, despite our best efforts,
able to rise all the way to Health and Human Services Secretary as a fraud.
His entire career as apparently a fraudulent anti-vaxxer.
But he made it all the way to HHS Secretary and got confirmed.
Because why?
Because he's so deceptive, I guess.
Such a skilled orator with such deceptive
coercive, enticing lies that nobody could resist.
And now we're stuck with him there, just like Donald Trump, despite being such a creep and a terrible liar and a criminal and all this other stuff, he's just there anyway, nominating people to the Supreme Court and there's nothing we can do about it.
because that's just a guy who's got control of the button, who's got control of the microphone, who has, you know, he's the commander in chief.
Let's just hope he doesn't do anything dumb.
And then this guy makes fun of it and says, that's exactly what's happening.
And so now it has to become obvious that this is just an elaborate theater because there's no way that's possible.
There's no way we're just kind of careening out of control with these guys with Jay Bhattacharya at the head of NIH.
That's preposterous.
But these guys seem to think it's totally true.
It's real.
That's how the system works.
These guys got elected and now we're kind of effed.
It's gotta be preposterous.
It can only be seen as preposterous.
We must snap out of this.
Yes, it is.
It's like if you found out Nancy Reagan was smoking crack the whole time.
Today also happens to be Columbus slash Indigenous Peoples Day, which is a federal holiday.
Although with the government shutdown, every day now is a federal holiday.
We are on day 13 with no end in sight.
A majority of Americans blame Republicans for the shutdown.
Republican leaders are still trying to blame Democrats for the shutdown, even though they control the House, the Senate, and the White House.
It would be like Trump blaming January 6 on Joe Biden, which he actually did do yesterday.
Look at this.
The Biden FBI placed 274 agents into the crowd on January 6.
If this is so, which it is, a lot of very good people will be owed big apologies.
What a scam.
Do something, President DJ D. Joe Biden planting 274 FBI agents in the crowd is diabolical, especially considering the fact he somehow did this two weeks before becoming president.
For a brain-dead vegetable who couldn't even sign his own name, somehow Joe Biden was able to get a lot of stuff done.
It's amazing.
You know, those mass layoffs Trump has been threatening are happening.
More than 4,000 federal employees were fired over the weekend, some by accident.
The Department of Health and Human Services mistakenly fired.
They sent home and then had to rehire hundreds of employees, including the leaders of the measles response team and the group working to contain the Ebola virus.
More than half of the CDC workers fired on Friday were reinstated a few days later.
And on behalf of those of us who work here at Jimmy Kimmel Live,
Half of the sailors of the USS Roosevelt were fired, were dropped off at a harbor in Spain and the remaining sailors sailed off with the aircraft carrier and then had to turn around and come back because the aircraft carrier doesn't work without all those sailors.
So it's just kind of a dumb story.
Like this is a huge bureaucracy that can be closed for 10 days and nobody cares.
It is a huge bureaucracy full of people whose job it is not to understand how insignificant they might be.
And it has been that way for a long time.
These people know it.
The United States has been under a controlled demolition for some time already now.
Almost all the wealth has been removed, our infrastructure is crumbling, and the dollar is almost worthless.
And a lot of this needed that time, the five years, the six years of the pandemic.
And they needed to have shitheads on the internet that were arguing about COVID and the spike and amyloidosis and whether or not it was a gain of function virus.
They needed that because the real operation needed many years, the stripping of the wealth of America.
Five more years of infrastructure crumble and local government embezzlement.
and five more years of unregulated immigration that could be in any way distorted around the world.
And in the meantime, we have a group of jesters in front of us, talk show hosts and podcast actors, and podcast actors on talk shows,
that are telling us that certain things are happening and real debates are occurring and real arguments are happening and the country's roughly 50-50 split and it's not.
That's an illusion that all of these people and even the nightly news is scripted to tell you.
It's like 44, 46 and some undecided or something like that.
When the trap is sprung, there will be virtually no one on the
what should be a conservative, sort of sovereign, patriotic side of America.
There will be nobody there because everybody else will have already turned against that idea that something is salvageable instead of in need of horrible correction.
you know, opening the Constitution, maybe even separating into states, who knows what the plan is.
The Amaro and the North American Union, I don't know.
But for sure, the idea that the sovereign nation of the United States and the federal government could be reined in and trimmed back in such a way that it could still function, or maybe not, I don't know, any kind of
Let's not open the Constitution argument, we'll be squashed.
And the young kids are already kind of there.
The young kids are already kind of there because of people like him.
And that's the reason why we need this longer timeframe, because people are running in these hamster wheels, and the longer they run in the hamster wheel, the more they believe what's on the cage wall in front of them.
Because that never changes.
And so they run and they run and they run and they run and eventually they believe it.
And so as long as we are arguing on the timescale of, you know, daily events and nightly talk show hosts and canceling or not canceling, we are arguing on the wrong timescale.
And we are more importantly observing these people on the wrong timescale.
And so it's very hard to see that they are just scripted actors, but if you just zoom out,
And you look at a five-year timescale with regard to the pandemic.
You look at a 10-year timescale with regard to the health freedom movement.
You look at a 15 or 20-year timescale with regard to bioweapons and financial crimes.
Now you can start to see how each of these layers of the controlled demolition of America is intertwined and built on top of one another and how it's almost impossible to see any of them and how they work together if you're fighting on the basis of social media, arguing with actors on social media, or think that somebody is gonna be a guest on a late night talk show and the truth is finally gonna get out.
We've been there ourselves.
Welcome back.
This guy... I don't know.
This is not the first time this has happened.
He built his whole career saying, you're fired.
He can't even do that right.
And then we have our Secretary of Health and Human Services, who continues to spread medical misinformation, including this absolute beauty.
This morning before I came in here, somebody showed me a TikTok video of a pregnant woman, 800 months pregnant.
She is an associate professor at the Columbia Medical School.
And she is saying F Trump and gobbling Tylenol
The baby was in her placenta?
No wonder she was gobbling Tylenol.
Oh, so he's able to make fun of him getting the biology wrong.
but I guess they both agree that there was a person on social media that there is a trend.
I don't know.
What is, what could the joke possibly be here?
Remember a fraction of Americans, a very tiny fraction of Americans give a darn about what Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
says.
The vast majority turn off the moment they hear Trump or him or any of these other people talk.
They might not even ever hear them talk because they're not on these programs like this.
And that's significant.
The Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Director of NIH goes on lots of podcasts.
They're on lots of podcasts.
They're just not on late night talk shows.
They're not on morning talk shows.
They're on lots of podcasts that are on the internet and available to you on a programmed basis, served up to you by your following and your feed and your scrolling.
And in the meantime, the majority of Americans are being riled up.
Something is going to snap here.
Just for reference, and I also noticed only the women in the audience were laughing at this.
The baby does not live in the placenta.
The baby lives in the uterus.
But I'm glad our nation's top health official is getting his information from TikTok.
In fairness to RFK, he isn't only confused about what happens beyond the vagina.
He doesn't know much about the penis either.
There's two studies that showed children who are circumcised early have double the rate of autism.
It's highly likely because they're given Tylenol.
So, you know, none of this.
But, you know, there's a tremendous amount of proof or evidence, I would say, as a non-doctor, but I've studied this a long time.
As a non-doctor, he's studied this a long time.
You know, as a non-pilot, I think planes should have windows that open so when we fly, we could get fresh air and talk to the birds and whatnot.
So it's important to see that when we make statements around here, the statements we make are powerful because of how sharp they are from many different angles.
And the primary one here would be how autism spectrum disorder or pandemics and gain of function have been used
to be sure that virology as a science is never questioned.
And it does actually go back to circumcision as a standard practice in American hospitals.
It's a thing that, and in English hospitals, but it's a thing that we need to address as a nation and address it from the perspective of why it would have occurred.
Why would there have been a mass movement to circumcise male children in America in an unreligious but rather public health context?
How could that ever have happened?
Is it true that it happened?
Do you know if it's happened?
Is it something that we can actually talk about?
I think it should be.
I think on a biological program it definitely should be.
He's already gone over it.
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
has already sort of discredited questioning it because he did it in such a ridiculous manner, as ridiculous as saying vaccines cause autism.
He also now wants you to believe that maybe it's circumcision in boys.
gives them a vulnerability to autism with no one on any side in this theater ever talking about how ridiculous it is that this supposedly very leading progressive nation or whatever we are supposed to be beacon of hope in the world
went to decades of circumcising little boys and where did all that go?
Did we just cut it off and throw it in the garbage can?
Is that what we were doing to make sure that the parents had an easy time keeping the penis clean?
Was that the argument?
Is that what we did?
Or was it a national security priority where the vast majority of that foreskin was used as medical remnants in cell culture?
Are hospitals still circumcising boys and then selling that tissue as medical remnants for cell culture?
It's incidentally one of the few places where skin cells are so actively dividing in the infant.
You know, what a great place, what a great thing to be able to do, to immediately take a large, growing cell, largely homogenous cell sample
from an infant.
And now, what if, for example, we were to take all the kids and all the men in America that grew up in, let's say, I don't know, the 70s, were born after 1970, and we were to just ask them, what percentage of your foreskin are you left with?
And first of all, are you circumcised or not?
Were you born in a public hospital or not?
And then how about how much of your foreskin are you left with?
Because there's, of course, all kinds of different
you know, levels of circumcision possible.
And if the circumcision was for the infant, then you would think that the removing of the least amount possible so that I guess the glands penis, that's the top of the penis could be, you know, exposed and cleaned, while at the same time, I would have assumed leaving the biologically functional, you know, covering that the foreskin is largely intact.
That's kind of what I imagine would happen.
But what if, for example, there was an entire generation of American men that if they were honest and they looked down, they would actually find out that they have no foreskin.
That it was removed right from the edge, all the way around, so that there's nothing left.
Because that would be a very different kind of circumcision.
It would leave a very different set of scars and the penis itself would look very different because there would be no foreskin protection at any time.
And so there could potentially be a very simple solution to this problem, a very simple, you know, almost like the, I don't know, the placebo vaccine thing where Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Mary Holland are on one side saying that they're never placebo tested.
And now we have a Goldman Sachs lawyer selling a book saying that they're never placebo tested.
And even Stanley Plotkin says that they're not placebo tested, but that's the stupid argument.
That's the argument that, that, that claims that we know nothing about biology, so we can't have any intuition about it.
And so it's just as absurd as this, right?
Where they mention it in an absurd way.
He makes an absurd joke.
And the next thing you know, all of the real biology here is lost.
The absurdity is in the fact that they can talk about it like that without saying, scratching their head and first asking, is that still happening?
Because if it is, that would be an interesting thing to look at.
Is it then, then I mean, think about that, but instead they just make a joke as if it doesn't matter because it's very important.
It does matter because if we were doing it to girls,
in any way, shape, or form.
I don't need to describe anything like that, but if we were, I don't know, what if we were removing the ears of all children in America?
Just one ear.
you know, just one ear.
And we found out that actually those ears were going to cell culture labs all around the United States and actually were responsible for a lot of the cell culture programs and cancer research programs, making them possible because we were taking these little baby's ears off
while the cells in them were growing so fast and the cartilage was growing so fast.
So there's such an ideal cell culture that we told a bunch of parents that, you know, it's easier to keep the ear clean if we remove the left ear.
You can keep it cleaner and the left ear can really get infected.
This is a crucial breaking point in the narrative right now, because again, sticking to the biology, you start to see that it is impossible that these scripted actors can be anything else but scripted actors.
so deftly walking around what should have been an obvious like, wait, we're complaining about all kinds of, you know, rights for people to have their lived experience and their, their, their spectrum of gender.
But these little babies, these little boys that this is just a joke.
And wouldn't it be crazy if in America and England and Ireland and a few other English-speaking places, it just went on for a really long time?
Wouldn't it be crazy if it was still going on in America right now?
And by the way, I looked up these studies that RFK mentioned.
They are shakier than his voice.
These guys, they sit there, and they blather, and no one calls them out on it.
Listen to Trump here talking about the amount of liquid in vaccines.
It's something that's artificially, I think, induced something, whether it's
the vaccines in terms of these massive vaccines that are twice the size of a jar like that, of a glass.
I mean, we made fun of this the other day, right?
And Jimmy Kimmel is scripted to make fun of it too, but it's not possible.
that uh what is that that lady that sits behind him in the leather coat all the time is her name wiles or something like that are you telling me that this guy is such a an actor with 20 years of history of commercials and tv and reality shows that that he's that bad it's just it's not possible this is a dude playing a character
And it makes that, that's what makes it possible.
Does he really think you could pump two mason jars worth of vaccine into a six-pound infant?
It'd be like a human water balloon.
A dose of vaccine contains about 0.5 milliliters of liquid.
Now, Guillermo, show everyone how much liquid that is.
Let's get a tight shot of that.
That is how much liquid is in a shot.
It's 1 20th of a shot, OK?
Right?
Yeah, that's right.
Right.
So now, did that have any effect on you whatsoever?
No, but I think I need another one.
Funny, right?
Ingestion versus injection.
Why don't you get a needle out there, Guermo?
The script is really bad.
It's really bad.
You know, it's very difficult to follow all the new information that supposedly links vaccines and circumcision to autism.
But thankfully, the White House has released a new video that I hope will clear it all up.
A message from the President of the United States of America.
Hello everyone, this is your favorite president with an important announcement about circumcision.
Some call it bris, the big snip, going sleeveless, chop suey, bababooey.
I call it circumcision, and Bobby Kennedy, our smartest scientist after me, is saying circumcision is linked to autism.
When I was circumcised as a baby, the doctor said, sir, sir, it's too big, it has to be circumcised.
Think about how tasteless this is right now.
Now, the thing that I think is most important to say right here is that that's what the flag is about.
The rainbow flag with the triangle in it, that's what that's all about.
And here they are talking about making a joke about the size of our president's penis.
This is the heart of the Human Genome Project and the National Cancer Program.
It's right at the heart of it.
And potentially hundreds of thousands of children were essentially mutilated by the same system that also transfected some folk in the last five years under false pretenses.
who also put together a fake health freedom movement to make sure that chronic fatigue syndrome would never really amount to any real resistance, that AIDS would effectively be something that could divide people rather than bring people together under an understanding of
of what public health was being turned against us and how this prophecy, if you will, about how we were going to figure everything out once the physicists turned their focus to genetics and heredity, that we were a couple decades away from
really being able to tweak everything and therefore we have to reorganize society and reorganize rules and we need the smart people to take control because we're about to have the keys to the car that is the evolution of the human species.
And a lot of the people that are in front of us right now are still working under that script, working under that assumption.
They just think the can has been kicked a few more years down the road.
Maybe they've even be told the behind the scenes, all the, all the truths are already known, but that's all garbage.
And to be making fun of circumcision in America and circumcision around the world in the Western world,
is laughing in your face because the biology of it is very, very real.
Circumcision and the fibroblasts that come from it.
The cells that are taken from it and harvested from it are a source of, if not a primary source of, all of the experimentation, all of the cell lines that we are using in a lot of these labs and in a lot of these pharmaceutical manufacturing processes.
This is a vital source.
And the truth is out there.
You can go see a Twib episode, and there's probably four or five clips that I've cut of Vincent Racaniello himself saying that, you know, a lot of these fibroblasts come from circumcision.
just casually mentioning it, not mentioning that there might be a national security priority to get hospitals to do it.
There might be a classified national security priority to feed that material to a certain, I don't know, Department of Energy subset of investigators.
I have no idea, but I know for sure there is no public health justification for the years and years of circumcision of little boys in America.
And he's making fun of it right now and making many of his viewers think about the penis of Donald Trump.
Think about how distorted that is.
That's what the flag is about.
It's about your opinion of penises.
Do you like yours or do you want someone else's?
Do you have one and like them or
particularly like yours or do you not have one and really wish you did have one?
That's what the flag is about.
That's also what trans is about.
Because I don't hear a lot of people other than talking about that.
That's what that's about.
It's about how you feel about penises.
It's really weird.
You fly that flag in a school, you wear that flag as a pediatrician, you're saying that everybody can have their own opinion about penises.
Whether you like yours, or you like other people's, or whether you believe that you were born with one but shouldn't have one, or born with one and should have one, or whether or not you like other people's better than yours, or as much, or it's just ridiculous.
And yet we're playing right along because all of the actors that we see are not real people.
They're on a script.
So nobody's looking for the answers.
Nobody's looking for the truth.
Nobody makes intellectual progress.
Nobody is growing.
Nobody is really evolving as a person over time because they're actors.
It wouldn't be fair to everyone else.
So little baby me said, that's fine.
Take what you want.
I won't even notice.
It's like plucking a feather from a fat goose.
But it didn't hurt my brain.
My sons got circumcised.
Look at them.
They didn't get the good autisms like the late great Rain Man played by Dustin Hoffman, who also played Captain Hook.
Peter Pan wasn't circumcised.
The radical left had girls play Peter Pan on Broadway, which I was never a fan of.
Mary Martin.
We hate Mary Martin.
We love Sandy Duncan, even though she only had one eye because her mother gave her Tylenol.
With that said, I am pleased to announce a brand-new trading card.
Every single one has an actual piece of presidential foreskin.
Trade it with your friends.
Chew them like bubblegum.
Just $799.
Thank you for your attention to this matter and to my magnificent dong.
To order your own piece of presidential penis, visit OwnTrumpsHog.com.
That shows you where America is right now.
It is a controlled demolition of American culture.
And while he pretends to be part of the thinking majority on the left, it's really just all the same level of twisted
perverted, distorted, contorted, and contradicting messaging that hides the truth in plain sight.
That we are being changed into experimental animals, and that in fact, in a lot of ways, we have been experimental animals for some time.
What the real truth is, ladies and gentlemen, what the real truth is, in my humble opinion... What time is it?
Game time!
What the real truth is, in my humble opinion, ladies and gentlemen, is that these people are slavers and you have to see them as slavers.
You try to imagine that slavery is over.
You try to imagine that slavery doesn't exist anymore.
And that's the biggest delusion of all.
Because a slaver isn't racist.
A slaver isn't... A slaver is actually very realistic.
It's me or you.
It's you in the chains or me in the chains.
It's my descendants ruling your descendants or your descendants or someone else's descendants ruling us.
That's the attitude of a slaver.
It's more like a dog owner.
And you could be a nice dog owner or a shitty dog owner, but there's a relationship there.
And if you believe
that slaving is a thing, then how it is accomplished, if it requires lying to your slave, that doesn't matter.
That's not morally somehow weird.
You're a slaver.
And I think one of the biggest illusions that they've cast on us is that slavery is over when in fact slavery is just being modernized.
If you want to turn off the chat, you just have to double click on the screen and the chat should collapse.
Thanks very much for being here, Raccoonter.
I'm sure you're a good guy.
Lots of stuff on Twitch.
This message that we have here at GigaOM Biological is for anyone, but it's not for everyone.
There are lots of other messages on Twitch, lots of other games to play, so feel free to browse and come back later.
If you don't know why the cheese is free on social media, you probably don't belong here.
You're probably trapped in that illusion because you're not aware of what's really the truth.
In about two generations, this whole opportunity will be gone.
And these people that think on longer timescales, they understand that.
And they have one script, one cast in front of us,
And as long as we fight with the people on stage or fight about what's on stage, things are going to keep happening the way they're happening.
I want to make America real again.
That means we've got to put a lot of different people in office.
We have to put a lot of different people on our social media feeds.
And we have to build our own social media websites akin to soapbox instances.
like blue sky and and and donald trump's uh what is that thing called now i don't even remember um and also peer tubes and so that's what we're trying to do here at giga ohm biological um very very fun um autism spectrum disorder is a myth
as are pandemics and gain of function.
They are myths that are very convenient because they make it very difficult to question intramuscular injection as a methodology.
They make it very difficult to question virology as a science and they make it very difficult to question
public health as a reason, and they've put a lot of morons on the internet and provided them with sets and studios and staff in order to make sure that people don't figure this out and waste their time as much as possible on all kinds of stuff.
And I got a few games to play tonight, or this afternoon, and I hope they'll be a little bit fun, add a little bit of stuff to the joke of this
Ladies and gentlemen, we have to show our children the truth about social media.
It's free because you pay with your time and your attention and your thoughts and your emotions.
And you pay dearly because if you're going to contribute something to the world, to your kids, if you're going to build something together with your children and your community, you got to do it now with the free time that you have.
because the time is running out.
It's always been running out.
Ever since you were a kid, you've been wasting your time.
And America needs to focus right now or we are in very big trouble.
These people have been performing for quite some time and it's kind of, it's a crescendo in the theater and America is the center of it, but we're being used against the rest of the world.
Not that dissimilar to how we were used against the rest of the world during COVID.
The murder of real Americans.
The murder of real Americans was used to represent the start of a multi-year biological event all around the world.
people in Japan, people in Australia, people in New Zealand, were shown the American numbers and told that that was evidence that the lockdowns in their countries worked, that the masks worked, that Donald Trump and his administration were dropping the ball, and oh my gosh, look at the math in America.
And all of these people are scripted actors, they've been put in place to do this,
And it doesn't necessarily mean that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
knows all of the script.
It just means that behind Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are people who know enough of the script that they can keep him on it.
Would you consider him a victim?
No.
Do I consider any actor a victim if they're on stage willingly reading the lines?
No, I don't.
And there's no way it's possible that he believes that he is a independent actor whose prayers have been answered because Donald Trump appointed him to HHS secretary.
It's impossible.
It's impossible that he believes that.
Don't take Tylenol.
Don't take it.
With Tylenol, don't take it.
And ask me how I know.
Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Jonathan Cooley.
I come to you live out of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
My research has been misrepresented by members of the group Panda out of South Africa and also members of the group Heart out of the UK, including Jonathan Engler.
and Jessica Hockett out of Chicago, Illinois as far as I know.
You can find my previous work as an academic on the National Library of Medicine's website PubMed under my last name with my first two initials JJ.
I was also briefly a staff scientist at Children's Health Defense before I figured out that Robert F. Kennedy Jr., Mary Holland, Meryl Nass, and
Brian hooker are all frauds And I definitely know they tried to get me to be the lab leak cover-up guy But I tried to tell them that they were wrong and they ended up just publishing the book anyway And I think they kind of hoped that I would just go along with it But since I haven't the book is kind of an inconvenient problem because I'm listed as the first expert.
I've also somehow or another run into jay Bhattacharya multiple times
during the course of the COVID pandemic, and even been told by him three times in one weekend not to talk about Robert Malone anymore in 2024, right before he was appointed NIH director.
He told me that he might likely be NIH director if Donald Trump were to get elected.
And there he is, this guy who told me multiple times that he defers to me because I'm the biologist, multiple times said that he learned more from me about the biology of the pandemic than anybody else.
He told me in person multiple times between 2022 and 2024, multiple times he's spoken to my wife.
And those are not all random chance.
I'm not in that book just by accident.
I'm not responsible for everything that Jonathan Engler and Nick Hudson and Jessica Hockett write about and say for nothing.
It's because, unfortunately for them, I'm the one guy they didn't plan for at Witseed.
I'm the one off-script dude that they haven't been able to get on script in six years of meddling.
That's where we are.
And I have Woodhouse 76, the substack, to show you.
They have arguments with each other, and a lot of the ideas are derived from my work.
And it's funny because I have phone messages from Jessica Hockett, the author of
Woodhouse 76.
Shout out to Jessica, one of the shittiest Americans on earth.
I hope you're listening to this.
If you are, I'll be in Chicago in a few weeks.
Hopefully we can see each other.
This is GigaOM Biological.
I'm very excited to be here today because I'm starting to feel a momentum that I think might result in like months and months of programming because these people have just overextended themselves.
They've simply
Overextended themselves in a way that they are not gonna be able to pull out of anymore Whoops, I did that wrong.
I want this one.
There we go Hello, my name is Jonathan Cooley back on the front They're in big trouble because I don't think they ever thought they would need to sustain this for this long and what I mean by sustain it I
I mean like all these people are still just going on in these corners of the internet where nobody really pays attention to them anymore.
And the reason why they have to do it is because the cats that they are responsible for herding, the individual social media users that they are responsible for confusing,
are vulnerable to figuring out what actually happened, because what actually happened is now available, and it wasn't supposed to be available.
The truth about Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and J. Bhattacharya, and Marty McCary, and Robert F. Kennedy Jr., and Merrill Nass, and Robert Malone, and the anthrax vaccine, and bioweapons, and 9-11 were never supposed to become available.
They just simply weren't.
This was a carefully orchestrated, multi-decade theater that was designed to flip a shitty vaccine schedule into a new transfection-based gene investigation disguised as a vaccine program.
And it failed, it failed miserably.
It failed miserably because the campaign of worst case scenario actors was exposed largely by me.
I know that sounds very crazy, but it actually seems to be true.
The only kink in their armor is that I can explicitly
to a detail, to a date, to a text, to a DM, explain and show and demonstrate that these people know the truth, but have been scripted not to say it and have accepted long before they met me the obligation to stay on script.
Many of them were actually scripted to come up to me and say nice things and give me their address or their phone number.
To get me on a signal chat with other people that they said were trying to spread the right information and all of those were traps.
Hamster wheels that wasted our time.
And this was all supposed to end and everybody accepting the idea one way or another that there was a COVID.
that there was a botched response, but that also something worked.
And if it wasn't for that darn DNA contamination, you know, this product would be quite spectacular.
And we are still being set up for that pivot, albeit very off script.
And so there's still a chance that they can make this work.
There's still a chance that they can improvise this script back to where it was going to be, which is that there are problems with the previous vaccine schedule.
There are problems with some of the previous vaccines on the schedule or their early administration or over administration.
And those problems can all be resolved if we just slowly but surely, you know, figure it out.
We get safe vaccines and some of them will probably include
RNA, albeit we're going to have to figure out a way to get rid of that pesky DNA that was in there because we rushed it and we used these, you know, proven manufacturing techniques that we knew would fall short because we couldn't purify the RNA because anion exchange chromatography can't be used to do that.
And so that's the trick.
We have been watching a Star Trek episode, hoping that they were gonna figure it out.
Hoping that if we tweeted the right thing that they would figure it out and that was never gonna happen.
Boy, I don't know.
Sometimes it's just, you know, I get lost in it.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe that it's so obvious, you know, with the timeline that if you just,
show what all these people were doing, show all the podcasts that they've been on, show how little intellectual progress they made, then you can really see a national security theater.
We've looked at the Barry Weiss thing, and it isn't what everybody says it is.
It's much more malevolent than that.
It's just governance by podcast.
and the illusion of consensus that she is significant, or that her substack is significant, or that the purchase of it was significant.
$100 million in today's American dollar is nothing.
That's the reality of it.
It buys you a nice house in three states, that's it, and a lot of headache.
And so this national security theater is ongoing.
And there's a small subset of Americans on social media that consider themselves conservative or have been fooled into believing that they're watching conservative social media think that it's some kind of Jewish conspiracy.
And the left is, it's Jews, but it's not a conspiracy.
It's all kind of the same.
It's all kind of useless.
It all kind of accepts the fact that Donald Trump is an independent actor, that J.D.
Vance is an independent actor, that all the senators are independent actors, and it's a complex interaction between gentlemen and gentlewomen, and the press is all independent actors that are just trying to figure it out.
And if they're all on a national security script, then nobody's looking for the truth.
If they're all on a national security script, and everybody you see is on a national security script, then nobody's looking for the truth, including you.
And that's why nobody ever talks about the murder and lies.
That's why.
That's why we have people across the board, from John Oliver all the way to Democracy Now, talking at length about Barry Weiss and her significance, when she has no significance at all.
She's completely irrelevant.
She's part of this show right here.
Part of this show that's Jimmy Kimmel and Joe Rogan and all these people that go all the way back to the man show, have their connections with Harvey Weinstein and Tucker Carlson.
It's all the same network.
They all don't have to know.
They don't all have to care.
If they're all actors, none of them care.
None of them care.
Don't you see?
That's the prerequisite to being an actor.
It used to be when I was a kid that you used to joke, or when I was in college, you'd joke about, I'm an actor and a singer and a dancer or a newscaster, right?
That was the thing.
You can do any of those things.
You're a triple threat, actor, singer, dancer, triple threat.
And you don't care.
If the role is in a shitty movie, or in a guaranteed good movie, or a Quentin Tarantino movie, or a, you know, whatever movie, it's about getting in the business.
It's about getting on film.
It's about getting your SAG card.
It's about, you know, getting an agent.
And almost all, if not all of these people can be considered that kind of thing.
And at the very bottom, you have a whole row of people that I believe were recruited by a national security theater that was also coordinated as part of this podcast warfare.
helped to populate the, you know, these real professional actors with people on a national security script with the ability to, and the knowledge and experience to, uh, improvise within that national security script.
And therefore the actors have an easier time reading their lines and an easier time believing that something significant is happening as a result of their work, which makes them even better actors.
You know, you can sort of feel it in people.
And I have lied.
I'm sure I'll lie again.
I don't want to lie.
You know, I don't think I'm a liar.
I try not to be a liar.
I don't want to be a liar.
I think it's like really important not to be a liar.
And so I make the argument all the time that we've got to look at these people's track record and their lack of intellectual progress on any of the issues that they say are important.
And that lack of intellectual progress is also incongruent with the idea that if you believe that, for example, aliens are kidnapping kids,
Then you can't also just you know, go to a antique car show and and also I don't know be a basketball coach and also Sell Tupperware if you think that children in your community are being regularly kidnapped by aliens You can't believe those things and then act that way and with a lot of what we're dealing with right now We have people that claim to have been trying to fight an evil vaccine schedule for 25 years
But that just doesn't really make any sense, because if you look at their work, and you look at their rhetoric, and you look at their sort of output, what have they done?
What have they achieved?
It doesn't make any sense.
And then even worse, if you look at the people who are opposing them, this incompetence is, to a T, portrayed as skill.
an inevitable sort of, I don't know, charlatanism.
In other words, it is equally remarkable that somebody like Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
can make zero intellectual progress in 10 years as a extremely financially successful liar.
And at the same time, everybody who's opposing him or is in front of us opposing him for all of this time is unable to show
that he's a liar.
They just able to say that he's a liar.
And so that lack of change, of progress, of discrediting, of, you know, at some point in time, right, a snake oil salesman's a snake oil salesman.
The only way we can possibly be here where Paul Offit is sure for the last 12 years that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
is a charlatan, that he's responsible for deaths in Samoa,
but he is health and human services secretary.
The only way that narrative makes sense is as if it's a bullshit national security theater.
That's otherwise that's ridiculous.
I'm sorry.
That's it.
That's the best way to see through social media and modern media.
And most of the people in our democracy right now, whatever you want to call it as a hoax, it's a, it's actors.
They're playing a role.
And it's a national security role.
It's a need to know basis role.
And they've all accepted this need to know basis role.
And it is because it's a, it's a us or them kind of thing.
It's an us or them kind of offering.
Either you're on the team or you're not.
Pierre Corey made that choice.
Peter McCullough made that choice.
Mary Holland has made that choice a long time ago.
Meryl Nass made that choice a long time ago.
The, the,
The heart of this, Brian Hooker made that choice a long time ago, because in 2013, the same year that Joe Rogan did the sci-fi specials, you know, Joe Rogan questions everything, and showed us a virologist that looked exactly like Robert Malone, Brian Hooker didn't use the word autism.
That's really all you need to know.
They're frauds.
And this is for all the marbles.
That's why there's a fraudulent health freedom movement.
That's why all these people are so ridiculous.
That's why social media is useless.
Get off.
It's just not, you're not gonna solve anything there.
Here's the game.
Let me switch down here.
This is the game.
Ding.
The game is how many subscribers on YouTube, put it in the chat, how many subscribers, you could say how many videos, you could say how long have they been on YouTube, anything like that, but how many subscribers is the game, go.
I'll talk about my experience in the last 10 years of my life where I've been bouncing around from one war zone to another in very different ideological groups.
and uh my experience being among these people people i never thought i could be friends with because of their political beliefs and overall i just want to give you guys a warning about something that maybe you don't know but something that will change your life if you do so i just got done watching re-watching the social dilemma on netflix it's documentary talking about
The AI algorithm that controls what you're being fed on social media and your phones.
How do we find out?
Were you there during the Charlie Kirk shooting?
No, you saw it online.
Depending on your political beliefs, you are being given a certain view on that shooting.
Oh, wow.
Brother Spoon knows who he is.
Hardcore.
My son actually showed me this guy.
And the shooter and his motives and all that.
So we're going to get into that, but starting off, these are left-wing groups that I was with in Iraq and Syria for about two years.
Did I go there because I was a left-wing?
No.
I'm not even in the U.S.
right now.
I don't vote.
I'm not anything at all.
I don't care.
He's in the Philippines in case it matters.
straight away from that stuff, but definitely wouldn't consider myself far left.
Nonetheless, I spent a lot of time with these groups because they were the only ones fighting ISIS in Syria, definitely against radical Islam.
Great people, people I thought I would never be friends with are our friends to this day.
And then we get into Ukraine.
What kind of groups do I mean in Ukraine?
Jeez, all sorts.
Well, I'll tell you what, you know, a lot of them are right wing conservative, you know, you see a lot of conservative values in Ukraine, but
Let's look at the patch wall.
Yes, YPG.
Nobody's making any guesses on how many subscribers this guy has.
Brother Spoon already disqualified.
Aw, man.
He spoiled it now.
Darn it.
That was supposed to be a game.
That is the group that I was with in the YPG, the unit.
But we also have a police patch from Ukraine.
A SWAT team patch.
These are people that I trained when I was working at TDI in Ukraine.
As well as my old unit.
My old unit had a mortar team in it that were anarchist.
Antifa.
They were in my unit in Ukraine.
Now, I would like to remind you, first of all, not to forget that Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
said during his campaign announcement for president, campaign for president, he said it multiple times, that one of his sons went over to Ukraine and worked as a machine gunner.
Specifically said a machine gunner.
So I guess he used a machine gun and shot at Russians in Ukraine, just like this guy, Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
told you that.
When he started running for president, do not forget that.
I was actually surprised.
The first time I learned that was actually in Boston, in the audience, next to Mark Kulak, and who I think is basically a sellout, John Bodwin.
And right behind us, one row back, was Meryl Nass and Abby Rockefeller.
Meryl Nass and Abby Rockefeller had had John Bodwin over to their hotel room or their house for fricking breakfast.
John Boedemann just casually mentioned that when he sat down next to us as if he's not like, he could be dumb, he could not know, but he's on Steve Kirsch's team, he's on Kevin McKernan's team, and there's no way that he can't know that Steve Kirsch is a fraud.
There's no way that he can't know that Kevin McKernan is a scripted agent from
the Human Genome Project and the Department of Energy and probably DITRA and certainly on the same team as Robert Malone who's got to be one of the biggest fraudulence Americans on this whole show!
And so what I want you to see is that this guy with 1.38 million followers has orders of magnitude more people following him that aren't subscribed to him but see his stuff and YouTube is promoting him.
There are hundreds of probably thousands of people like this.
Is he real?
I don't know.
You watch some of his videos about his 10 year career as a foreign fighter and decide for yourself.
It's an awful lot of footage for a guy who says that he went to be a foreign fighter but also is a YouTuber.
So did he become a foreign fighter YouTuber?
Like is that his career?
I don't know.
I don't want to make any judgments.
Just listen to his description, his horribly adolescent, if not childish description of what happens on social media.
It's an algorithm.
It's a program.
It's, it's out of our control.
It has nothing to do with actors on a script.
in fighting alongside the police and the SWAT team of Ukraine.
Can you believe it?
Fighting one true evil, which was the Russian invader.
What can I say about this?
Well, you're going to meet a lot of people in this line of work as a foreign fighter.
I've met a lot of different types of people.
The funniest people that I've ever met were in these Lithuanian groups.
Incredibly funny.
And they give you everything.
They'll get the shirt off their back.
They will give it to you.
That's how giving they are.
Those are the types of people that are in those groups.
And then we talk about the Ukraine side, the most courageous fighters you will ever find.
Much more courageous than myself.
That's Ukraine.
Quite conservative.
All things considered so I'm starting with that not only to give you guys a basis of what I know You know that this is a lesser-known fact about for fighting is the friendships you make along the way not sorts of fighting and all that It's it's the people that you never thought you could get along with You get along with and you become great friends with and you trust with your life and they trust you no matter your ideology I didn't go there.
I didn't go to any of these because of an ideological reason I went there because there's an evil in the world.
I think that goes for a lot of foreign fighters, but um look
I don't even know.
Does that make any sense?
I didn't go to these places for any ideological reason.
I went there because there's an evil in the world.
Like, wow.
I don't, it's, this is remarkable.
It's hard to imagine that this is a real guy, but he could be just a real crazy guy.
I don't know.
The bigger thing that I want to talk about here is the shooter.
You see a 22 year old dude, grew up in a middle high income family.
He was politically motivated.
I think it's pretty obvious at this point.
He was, he seemed to be left-wing.
He was a pretty normal kid, it seems like, but he fell into the wrong hands of falling into political extremism.
And I want to say, you know, as myself, as a foreign fighter, I found in my hardest moments in life, the extreme groups, the groups that were militant, they were the ones who welcomed me with open arms.
And I think that is one of the big reasons that that shooter did what he did.
Why did he fall into this very, you know, I think we can all agree.
And so now remember, okay, this guy accepts the Ukraine war, the Syrian war, something else.
He says he's been there firsthand, seen it all, been there, done that.
And now he's telling you that the shooter of Charlie Kirk and he understands him and he understands what happens in these extreme groups.
It's pretty remarkable.
Remember, this guy has orders of magnitude more reach on YouTube than any of the people that we've been chasing for the last five years.
And in fact, it's a remarkable amount of reach for a guy who joined in 2021.
extreme view on politics.
Well, he seemed to be kind of a... Sorry, 2011, because this is his son, apparently.
I don't know exactly what this is.
Guy Kitt, he seemed to be, you know, a recluse.
Well, he found his connection, he found his group from people who have open arms saying, you join us, you're going to be so powerful, we're going to raise you up, we're going to pump you up.
And that's what these groups do, you know, for right and wrong.
And I think that's what the shooter found in those communities was they'll bring him in.
like a lot of other people and that brings me into my uh the second thing that i want to say a little warning to all of us we are divided i i don't know if you guys know how social media works how data collection works i know very much because of OPSEC because of communication warfare in ukraine in syria and iraq they track our gps facebook snapchat instagram they they track it um many many different apps every app they try and collect as much information as possible they know how long
You're looking at a thumbnail, how long it takes for you to scroll on Instagram.
They know what gender you are from it.
Uber is going to know that on this day, at this time, you're probably going to go and ride to go and see your parents, you know, and they know what time you're going to go to church.
They know all these different things about you.
Now, what's it tell you?
It tells you that there are people that are all at all different stages of the hamster wheel, and none of them are anywhere near getting out of the cave.
Because they're just realizing that the data is being collected.
They're not being told why it would be collected or what could be done with it.
And they're certainly not being told that it's largely irrelevant.
I mean, if they can target ads to you, who cares?
If they know how long you look at a website, who cares?
They're establishing the electronic infrastructure necessary to collect your medical data on a real time basis.
They don't give a shit about apps.
They don't care about your videos or your content or your streaming content.
That's not what they care about.
They care about building an infrastructure that's fast enough and seamless enough
to harvest as much medical data as possible.
And then when the infrastructure has been built, the social pivot can be made in a number of ways with either currency or universal income or incentives in other fashion.
But it's remarkable to me how many people think that we're building all of this internet infrastructure and data centers for videos and for streaming.
We're building it so that we can attempt, attempt for the first time ever to connect the genetic data, the large population of Americans with their epic database
medical data.
And that is probably a real-time experiment right now happening behind the scenes in DITRA somewhere or some DITRA subcontractor who has a significant amount of genetic data harvested from the participating American universities that were
had agreed to and sold their remnants to all of the PCR testing that they did over the course of the pandemic to these third parties who are now granted, let's say, de-identified access to the Epic database that they can then use AI to attempt to tie in the genetic data and signals that they have harvested to the genetic, to the medical data of those college kids.
And so it's kind of like, you know, an iteration of teaching AI how to solve chess and then using AI to solve Go.
Well, they're not going to be able to crack the human genome by just sequencing everybody.
That's not, you have to think about it as the problem.
And the problem is very complex because you need to sequence everybody and store that data in a common format that's accessible enough across the data set to be fed
usefully into a machine learning algorithm over and over again that will eventually take over its direct access to the data as it solves the problem for patterns.
Joshua Lederberg understood this, that we would need supercomputers that would include super data centers that would be able to hope to share and store the data and make it accessible to anybody to use it.
Make no mistake about it, ladies and gentlemen, they will spare no expense here in putting thousands of guys like this out there with all different flavors and all different spins that are all naive to why they're there or why they've risen or why their channel is so popular.
That's all how it works.
If Pierre Kory never really realized that he was set up for to be a fool until he got on stage with Dave Farina and Dan Wilson, well, then, you know, that's just how the theater works.
And there's going to be some casualties.
There's going to be some ego pain.
Because none of them were supposed to be on stage this long.
We were also already supposed to have moved on to guys like this.
So here we go.
Next one, ladies and gentlemen, how many subscribers?
Last winter, a series of duels took place in an icy field in the no-man's land of the Russian-Ukrainian War.
The backdrop was both stark and, for Ukrainians, appropriate.
A field that would in summertime have been filled with bright yellow sunflowers was marked only by the dark, dry stalks jetting through the white snow.
The duels on the Kursk section of the front took place not between soldier and soldier in the sense... So the interesting thing that I find here is that, um,
There's a wide range of videos even on the largest platforms including the Wall Street Journal that are talking about drone warfare in the Ukraine right now at the same time where the best drone equipment in the market is going to become commercially unsellable in America.
How convenient.
So in other words, DJI
The company that makes the best drones, the best GPS guided drones, the best camera drones, the best thermal drones, the ones that are used commercially in the United States for a wide variety of applications including mapping and commercial 3D mapping and all this stuff.
These drones are going to become illegal.
At the end of this year just because the trump administration I guess is just going to let them become illegal.
They're not going to be usable In america anymore now, that means that you won't be able to sell them over here at the same time We've been being told for the last six months or so that ukraine is basically winning because they're using drones And the drones are being made by the hundreds and then being used as you know
first-person view guided missiles.
Instead of having to blanket a field with artillery, you can just carry an artillery shell with a drone directly to the tank you want to hit and crash the camera into the tank at precisely the place you want it to hit.
And apparently they're all doing it over there.
And there's all these people that are sending drones and they're rigging them all up and they have drone building factories and it could very well be real.
But I find it very curious because my son and I, over the last few months, have been getting into this
this FPV thing because I was a long time sorry I'm holding my hand up here I was turning off that alarm I've been a RC helicopter pilot and if you're familiar at all with RC helicopters you know that it takes a certain kind of person to
endure that that level of of pain because an RC helicopter is basically an accident waiting to happen and it's a very relatively expensive and a great deal of meticulous work afterward and so the whole concept of RC helicopters attracts a certain kind of
I don't know, person.
And you got to have a certain derangement syndrome that involves a lot of liking to tinker, but also hating to tinker.
It's like that, you know, thing where you get really mad and you want to smash something.
That happens all the time in a helicopter repair session, at least in my experience.
And so only recently have helicopters become this thing where electronically and sort of size wise, they become manageable.
But I've been into them for a very, very long time.
And so this has been kind of a renewed interest of mine because of my son.
And then to see this kind of narrative being portrayed on social media and nobody putting the connection together, that they're just going to take the availability of the largest consumer market in the world away
from dji to make sure that all of these are shipped exclusively to ukraine i guess all of the fpv cameras that would be sold in america to um you know people that want to do this as a hobby they're not going to be available anymore but they're using them over in ukraine to blow up russians so it's an interesting thing because i thought china was supposed to be on
the Russians team.
So if the Ukrainians are using DGI drones and the Trump administration says that they can't be used in America because their proprietary software could be spy software and China won't let us see their software.
So that means it's spy software.
So we can't let them use it, but they're using it in Ukraine and Ukraine is apparently being allowed to use them by China.
In fact, you can even find videos where the Ukrainians say that they call China and China thinks that they're Russian.
And so they start explaining to the Russians how to avoid the drones.
It's a remarkable show they're putting on right now because involved in it are YouTubers with 1.2 million subscribers and some kind of
This guy's not a real dude.
He's an actor who's been recruited to read on a YouTube channel and gets paid to read on a YouTube channel.
That's what YouTube is.
That's what social media is.
And it's militarized in a wide variety of ways, but one of the ways that no one will acknowledge is it's militarized by actors.
Actors on late night shows, actors on podcasts, and these podcasts represent little tiny microcosms of the warfare that's being waged on us.
What time is it?
Oh gee, it's 48.
Ah, my goodness.
That wasn't really the best way for me to have gone through that part.
What do I have coming up here?
I can't stress enough how this is just so true.
We are really at a stage where it's right in front of us.
And most important here is that in two generations, meaning after my kids have kids, the diversity that's currently present on the planet is not going to be there anymore.
And they know that.
I think they actually know that.
I think they really got a lot of what they wanted already from COVID and from the university students that we left out to dry.
I think one of the ways that we could start to break this bad biology 101 would be to reconnect with those university students that we left out to dry, those high school students we left out to dry.
Show them that these national security actors are present on social media, are responsible for the Trump administration, but also responsible for the Biden administration.
It is one malevolent show
that is motivated by the inversion of our sovereignty as American citizens to experimental animal to serve the Human Genome Project priorities.
If you want to help and you want to get off social media, one way to do it would be to download the PeerTube app on your phone and then you can have my work and that of Mark Kulak's right now on the same PeerTube.
You can have it on your phone with no user data, no other random stuff being served to you, no ads, nothing.
Chief Wuhan says that PeerTube is the antidote.
I would just suggest to you that intramuscular injection is a dumb idea from the late 1800s.
Transfection of healthy humans is a crime.
Biology is really the way out because RNA cannot pandemic and autism is a meaningless word by design.
You just have to kind of first start here instead of wherever they want you to start and you will be fine because they can't get here.
They have to stay far far away from here.
This is outside of their caves.
It's kind of comical how many more slides are in this deck.
So rest assured I'll be on tomorrow, but maybe even on later today.
I can't make any promises because my son is getting a new radio.
And the sunshine is out and I haven't flown in a couple days.
So we're probably going to go to the gym.
And then we're going to do a flying session.
And then I will make preparations for a morning show tomorrow.
Hopefully 10-10 or 11-11.
Thanks for being here.
See you again soon.
Yeah.
which we quickly got rid of.
But now we've got the DNA, foreign DNA, that is protected by these lipid nanoparticles, so it can go straight to our body cells where it can potentially do damage.